---
layout: page
title: About us
permalink: /about-us/consortium/
---

Lead organizations:

**Wageningen Economic Research** is the applied social and economic research institute of **Wageningen University & Research**. The mission of Wageningen University and Research is "To explore the potential of nature to improve the quality of life". Under the banner, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen University and the specialised research institutes of the Wageningen Research Foundation have joined forces in finding solutions to important questions in the domain of healthy food and living environment. With its roughly 30 branches, 5,000 employees and 10,000 students, Wageningen University & Research is one of the leading organisations in its domain. An integrated approach to problems and the cooperation between various disciplines are at the heart of Wageningen's unique approach.

**Deloitte** provides industry-leading audit and assurance, tax and legal, consulting, financial advisory, and risk advisory services to nearly 90% of the Fortune Global 500® and thousands of private companies. Our professionals deliver measurable and lasting results that help reinforce public trust in capital markets, enable clients to transform and thrive, and lead the way toward a stronger economy, a more equitable society and a sustainable world. Building on its 175-plus year history, Deloitte spans more than 150 countries and territories. Learn how Deloitte’s more than 457,000 people worldwide make an impact that matters at www.deloitte.com. 



Partners

**The Foundation for Sustainable Development (FSD)** is a not-for-profit research & consultancy foundation. Aiming to support the monitoring, analysis, conservation, restoration and sustainable use of natural ecosystems all over the world. People benefit from natural ecosystems in many ways. FSD strives to support decision-making that not only results in ecological integrity but also in social well-being and economic welfare. Through the 3 core programs of FSD: the Ecosystem Services Partnership (ESP), the Ecosystem Services Valuation Database (ESVD) and Nature Today, we leverage research, develop applications and build capacity. Making society aware of nature, connecting stakeholders and making nature count. As a project partner, FSD delivers Ecosystem Services valuation expertise and an extensive stakeholder network to strengthen the broader understanding and applicability of the project outcomes. Find out more about our programs at www.fsd.nl.

**Allianz Group** is one of the world's leading insurers and asset managers with around 125 million private and corporate customers in nearly 70 countries. Allianz is one of the world’s largest investors, managing around 746 billion euros (March 31, 2024) on behalf of its insurance customers. Furthermore, our asset managers PIMCO and Allianz Global Investors manage about 1.8 trillion euros (March 31, 2024) of third-party assets. Thanks to our systematic integration of ecological and social criteria in our business processes and investment decisions, we are among the leaders in the insurance industry in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. In 2023, over 157,000 employees achieved total business volume of 161.7 billion euros and an operating profit of 14.7 billion euros for the group. 

**APG** is one of the largest pension services provider in the Netherlands looking after the pensions of 4.6 million participants. APG provides executive consultancy, asset management, pension administration, pension communication and employer services. We work for pension funds and employers in the sectors of education, government, construction, cleaning, housing associations, sheltered employment organizations, medical specialists, and architects. APG manages approximately €569 billion (December 2023) in pension assets. With approximately 4,000 employees we work from Heerlen, Amsterdam, Brussels, New York, Hong Kong and Singapore.

**Ortec Finance** is a leading global provider of technology and solutions for risk and return management for financial institutions. They currently help investors understand the impact of climate change by quantifying its risks and opportunities across economies, asset classes, sectors and regions using their proprietary climate and economic scenario modelling. As a project partner, they will bring their extensive experience and climate modelling approach that will contribute and complement efforts in translating biodiversity-related risks and opportunities into economic and financial impacts. 

**ING** is a global financial institution with a strong European base, offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60,000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries. ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA, INGA.AS), Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US, ING.N). Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy, evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023, Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext, STOXX, Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients, and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities, but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.

**Commerzbank** is the leading bank for the German Mittelstand. In addition, the Bank is a strong partner for around 25,500 corporate client groups and almost 11 million private and small-business customers in Germany. The Bank’s two Business Segments – Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients – offer a comprehensive portfolio of financial services. Commerzbank transacts approximately 30% of Germany’s foreign trade and is present internationally in more than 40 countries in the corporate clients’ business. Sustainability continues to be a key component of our strategy: we will actively shape the sustainable transformation of the German economy. The project and the combination of know-how with the other partners provides an excellent chance to enhance the knowledge from “climate” towards a more holistic environmental view, where Biodiversity is key. Understanding both, risks and opportunities related to this is of immense importance.
